don't kill me
a a a a a a a a a a
Unexpectedly,
The ruins of the Huilong Sect are hidden here.
To Truong Tung, a despicable villain, dares to poison us.
Haha, dealing with these martial arts masters.
We do nothing.
It is not certain that you can surpass them.
We have retired.
Don't ask why we still have to suffer and force each other
Howl.
Innocent.
Avoiding sin
Who doesn't want to live forever?
I advise you to know the time and material.
Quickly give me Truong Sinh.
What if I don't give?
If Sect Master Pham hands over the immortality secret, he will release you.
Yes, I recommend you keep it secret.
So as not to make unnecessary sacrifices.
Bring it to me.
Child. Child.
This.
Deliver, do not deliver, father
I'm afraid I want a mother.
Stop.
Leader To, we go one step ahead.
What?
The Seventh Floor of the Longevity Realm